> ### Asset Creation on Bitcoin: Sidechains + Lightning - [WIP] Work in Progress
### Overview

This document is intended to outline and provide technical context for the creation of assets on the Bitcoin blockchain using a combination of technologies including sidechains, drivechains, and the Lightning Network.

### Goals 
1. Describe a use case
2. Specify an implementation and identify its efficiencies

### Examples

#### 1. Fractional Reserve Banking

To establish the first principles of asset creation, the mechanics of bitcoin mining and the issuance of block rewards provide a framework for this example. Within the context of monetary policy, block rewards mirror the printing of new currency and issuance of treasury bonds of a central banking authority. 

Most assets that exist in modern society are likely backed or measured in units of some currency, such as the US Dollar. A property that is bought and sold for $1M USD may involve the use of a 3rd-party banking institution that provides accounting, custodial, or other services for the participants of the transaction. For example, suppose the buyer does not have $1M in cash. A central bank provides a mechanism to perform this transaction by lending some amount, say $100M, in printed paper currency to a licensed bank and federally mandating that they retain a fraction of this total reserve. The bank now has the liquidity necessary to give $1M, or 1% of their reserve, to the party selling the property, and contracting the buyer in the form of a mortgage to repay this over time with added interest.

The objective is to devise a programmatic model for this example such that this same social contract can be executed by two parties using the available technologies mentioned in the overview, and at a lower cost. This could potentially displace and reduce the overhead costs for the services provided by the 3rd party bank.

Suppose that a central bank, Charlie, decides to invest in enough resources to sustain a mining operation capable of solo-mining 1 block roughly every 30 days. With the current bitcoin reward at 12.5 BTC per block, 1 BTC may be allocated to act as the $100M in printed paper currency. Charlie sends 1 of his mined BTC to a 2-of-2 multi-sig address, where 1 key is generated and held by the Charlie, and the 2nd key is generated and held by the borrowing bank, Bob. This transaction would establish the following:
- An open payment channel on the Lightning Network
- The genesis block and first coinbase transaction of a new sidechain
- A two-way peg of 1 BTC to 100,000,000 satoshis, a fixed price secured by the Bitcoin consensus rules

For intents and purposes of this example, mining a new block on the sidechain and broadcasting a new state of the payment channel are analogous events. Since it is a new sidechain, the proof required to add a new block is arbitrary and can be reduced to a new channel state signed with both keys (a sort of "proof-of-stake" consensus between 2 nodes, depending on your flavor of buzzwords). No additional energy requirement is necessary to secure the only transaction currently present in the genesis block of the sidechain: a single coinbase transaction to an address holding 100 million satoshis.

The network activity evolves when the first asset is created. This event is synonymous with the first transaction signed by Bob and Charlie to a new address generated by Alice after downloading the version of sidechain software broadcasted by the only 2 other nodes on the network. This new address is also a 2-of-2 multi-sig with keys held by Alice and Bob. Alice claims to own 1 acre of farmland that she wishes to sell for 0.1 BTC and Bob does not provide his signature until he is certain that Alice is the legal owner of the land. When the new transaction is signed, Charlie and Bob sign the 2nd block on the sidechain, and Alice is now considered the cryptographically-proven owner of the claimed asset. Again, this is analagously represented by an open payment channel loaded with 1 million satoshis on Alice's side.

Dan is the other party who wishes to purchase Alice's land for 0.1 BTC. However, Dan only owns 0.01 BTC 

---[WIP] Work in Progress---
